what a day it was for our truthless
dictator Donald Jasmine Trump today he
is
you know those celebratory lunches the
White House has four teams that win the
Super Bowl or Stanley Cup or whatever
well today the president had one of
those for himself he invited himself to
the White House for a big stack of
cheeseburgers and if you've been
wondering what the president's mood
would be after his acquittal yesterday
it was this this is really not a news
conference it's not a speech it's not
anything it's just we're sort of it's a
celebration because we have something
that just worked out I mean it worked
out we went through hell unfairly did
nothing wrong
it did nothing wrong I've done things
wrong in my life I will admit not
purposely but I've done things wrong but
this is what the end result is
we can take that home honey maybe we'll
play Palace Rob was the only person who
would celebrate almost being thrown out
of the White House he ranted and raved
for more than an hour this afternoon
airing every grievance grinding every
axe
it was his Petty's burg address and he
took shots at those he considers to be
his enemies even he even admitted once
again that he fired FBI director Jim
Comey because Jim Comey was
investigating him we've been going
through this now for over three years it
was evil it was corrupt it was dirty
cops
it was leakers and Liars it was a
disgrace
had I not fired James Comey who was a
disaster by the way it's possible I
wouldn't even be standing here right now
we caught him in the act before his
victory speech Trump spoke at the
National Prayer Breakfast which was a
tough decision because on the one hand
he doesn't like to pray but on the other
hand he loves breakfast so he went he
used the prayer breakfast as an
opportunity to lash out at those who
opposed him just as Jesus would have
done in his a holiness was in top form
with some not too subtle jabs at Mitt
Romney and Nancy Pelosi too I don't like
people who use their faith as
justification for doing what they know
is wrong nor do I like people who say I
pray for you when they know that that's
not so this is a prayer breakfast at
which he's naming people he doesn't like
Nancy Pelosi was so upset she ripped her
pancakes in half that's how
this is supposed to be a nonpartisan
event it goes back to 1953 and every
president since Dwight Eisenhower has
been to the prayer breakfast including
President Obama to whom Trump loves to
compare himself so for comparison's sake
we did that too and this is a it's like
to be at a prayer breakfast with
President Obama versus president Trump
let us pray to God that we may be worthy
of the many blessings he has bestowed
upon our nation
they hired a big big movie star Arnold
Schwarzenegger to take my place
and we know how that turned out
sometimes we talk about respect but we
don't act with respect towards each
other when they impeach you for nothing
then you're supposed to like them it's
not easy folks alone in my success I
succeed because others succeed with me
and sometimes they hate people I'm sorry
they apologize
I'm trying to learn it's not easy I
believe that the starting point of faith
is some doubt not not being so full of
yourself and so confident that you are
right and the God speaks only to us and
for those of you that are interested in
stocks it looks like the stock market
will be way up again today that's Mitt
Romney's now at the top of the
president's hit list Romney as you know
is the only Republican who voted to
convict Trump this kind of tells you all
you need to know about the president is
party but then hours of Romney's vote he
Trump tweeted a fully produced video
attacking him like presidents do and not
only did Trump go after Romney he's back
on the hunter Biden horse today he made
what might be his most ridiculous
statement yet they don't think it's
correct when a son that made no money
that got thrown out of the military that
had no money at all is working for three
million dollars up front eighty-three
thousand a month they think that's okay
because if it is as Ivanka in the
audience is a wrong thing well my kids
could make a fortune
I think could make a fortune it's
corrupt if I was like could you leave me
out of this I haven't got shoes to sell
when this is over the idea that Donald
Trump will criticize anyone for any kind
of nepotism is it he put his son-in-law
in charge of peace in the Middle East
his kids are the poster children for
political privilege this dopey Donald Jr
he is so desperate for daddys love this
is what he posted to Instagram yesterday
mom jeans because Europe
and if Mitt Romney really was that your
father would have grabbed them by now
by the way people's clothes let's take
us look some of Don juniors outfits
there's a polo shirt here he just came
by from the North Face store I guess
looking sharp with the old man and that
white collared shirt and big pants and
here we have the dumbest crayon in the
box and as for Trump's point about his
kids
compared to hunter Biden let's take a
look at Donald juniors resume after
college DJ TJ was a bartender and Aspen
for a year from that he graduated to
supervising several Trump building
projects in Manhattan
how'd he land that gig must have been
one hell of a bartender he helped launch
Trump mortgage which folded in eighteen
months an ex got a job sitting and
nodding next to his father on the
apprentice then became a spokesman for
Cambridge who's who a company that has
to date received hundreds of complaints
from the Better Business Bureau he was
then put in charge of meetings like the
one with the Russians to get dirt on
Hillary Clinton I got his father in
trouble and finally he wrote a book
called triggered which made it number
one in the New York Times bestseller
list because the Republican National
Committee bought more than $100,000
worth of copies for week one and don't
forget his special skills PowerPoint
Excel and shooting elephants so this is
a self-made man he does it all
the Trump point was on Fox with Tucker
Carlson last night and made it very
clear that he is very mad at Mitt Romney
it's sort of ironic when you look at
even his political career he's flip-flop
for political expediency on every major
conservative issue that he says he
believes had now that he's in Utah again
just go look at the record guys it
speaks for himself whether it's his
track record on life the reality is this
he has come to Donald Trump for his
endorsement for money when he was
running he blew his chance thanks for
watching remember every time you click
the subscribe button one of your enemies
gets destroyed